OpenAPI Docs (#79)
TUM-Dev/navigatum: README.md

"Server" steps above and edit the webclient configuration to use the public
API as is described in the webclient documentation.

### API

We format our api via [openapi-format](https://www.npmjs.com/package/openapi-format).
```bash
npm install openapi-format
openapi-format ./openapi.yaml --output ./openapi.yaml
```

> For validating, that the specification is being followed use the [Swagger Editor](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TUM-Dev/navigatum/main/openapi.yaml) in tandem with  [stoplight](stoplight.io), as they are both very imperfect tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To validate that the specification is being followed, use the [Swagger Editor](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TUM-Dev/navigatum/main/openapi.yaml) in tandem with [stoplight](stoplight.io), as they are both very imperfect tools.
```
Not sure about grammar but sound slightly better to me.

> To making sure, that this specification is up-to-date and without holes, we run [schemathesis](https://github.com/schemathesis/schemathesis) using the following command on API Server provided by the "Server" step or the public API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make sure that this specification is up-to-date and without holes, we run [schemathesis](https://github.com/schemathesis/schemathesis) using the following command on API Server provided by the "Server" step or the public API:
```
